Incoming livestream: Nice.
Incoming livestream: Can you hear me now?
Incoming livestream: Okay, I'm gonna get started. Hi everybody, hello, Imprompted. Really happy to be here. My name is Pete Smith. I am doing agentic things at Salesforce. Product manager, engineer guy, all of the above.
Incoming livestream: And I'm joined by… Hello,
Incoming livestream: Hello everyone, I'm RK. I'm part of co-team building AI SOC at Salesforce.
Incoming livestream: Nope.
Incoming livestream: Yes, the Agentic SOC. So we're here to talk about the Agentic SOC, and we've been working on some stuff. First slide demo. How do you like that? The Agentic SOC to us at Salesforce means a couple things, but mostly it means a collection of digital teammates working together where we are, and where we are is typically in Slack. So we want to show
Incoming livestream: not we want to show. We did show, and are showing, a demonstration of a bunch of agents doing stuff in Slack alongside a human, where they're hunting, detecting, containing, collaborating, and everything in between. I see a lot of Mandiant people here. Who remembers when Kevin Mandy used to say, it's the best day of my career? Remember when he said that?
Incoming livestream: Well, I feel like every day is the best day of my career at Air Force, because we get to work on this cool stuff, but what he also said is, one day, I want to have an app, a smartphone app, where I can go from alert to containment in 10 minutes.
Incoming livestream: I'm happy to say that, Mr. Mandia, we have met and exceeded your expectations, sir. So we'll show how we not only take an intelligence report and synthesize it and pull out a bunch of IOCs, but how we also hunt across a large enterprise like Salesforce, contain hosts that are affected, deploy detections, and then bring in the human. So they're along the way and approving and making sure that everything
Incoming livestream: The agent does is safe and sound.
Incoming livestream: But, enough talking about it, let's just show it. It's about a 4-minute demo, but we're gonna narrate it along the way and see how this goes, so…
Incoming livestream: Here it goes. This is RK.
Incoming livestream: RK and I were in a meeting with CrowdStrike on Monday, and CrowdStrike was telling us about a nasty nation-state-sponsored actor called
Incoming livestream: venomous Bear. So what does RK do? RK goes into the CrowdStrike while he goes into Slack, and he asks an agent to look up this Intel report. The report's number, if you want to follow along and you have a CrowdStrike subscription, is…
Incoming livestream: 2026035. If you look up that report in CrowdStrike, you're gonna find Venomous Bear and about 8 IOCs, including domains and MD5 hashes, that are
Incoming livestream: Bad guys. That's a real report. So, yeah, we say demo data, but there's also some real stuff happening.
Incoming livestream: So, if you missed it, let's go big mode here. If you missed it, RK asks our agent in Slack, who we call Kestrel here, he says, I just heard about this thing from CrowdStrike.
Incoming livestream: What is it? And so he sends this message in Slack, he's got this report number in it, and our agent knows what the format of a CrowdStrike report looks like in their intelligence portal, so we don't have to say, look up this CrowdStrike report. The agent says, it looks like, 7 numbers, it's in this specific format, I'm gonna go fetch that.
Incoming livestream: And the agent goes and does that. The first thing you're gonna see here, as Kestrel works on this, is a hunt task being created, which creates a Salesforce record for us, and in that hunt task, it captures all the data, the metadata about the hunt, including the report name and who launched it. In this case, RK here.
Incoming livestream: This is when the fun begins. So now we've got, like, 9 other agents that are doing stuff while this hunt is being executed. And this all happens in our orchestration backend, and the fun part is, after we're done with the demo, we're gonna show you exactly how it all works, and you can take screenshots…
Incoming livestream: shots of the code and config, and you can do it yourself in 20 minutes from now. So, stay tuned, but the first thing we queue up is this normalizer agent. So we have…
Incoming livestream: this pseudo-deterministic flow, I feel like determinism is all the rage these days in AI, so we've got some determinism in our AI system, and so we invoke this normalizer agent. It takes this report, it rips out all the IOCs, it takes a minute to do that. Good stuff.
Incoming livestream: And, we're gonna move on to now this idea of a hunt planning agent. This is all happening in the same thread where we just asked to start an impact assessment on this CrowdStrike report.
Incoming livestream: Cool. So the hunt planning agent looks at the IOCs, looks at the context of the report, and starts making up a plan for how he would hunt, or how he would hunt, across our environment for these different IOCs. Very cool. So what does it do?
Incoming livestream: it comes up with a, you could say, hypothesis. This is what we know about the threat actor, this is what I found in the report, these are the data sources that I can consult, which have been redacted for yours and our benefit, and our legal team's benefit, but generally we're searching a SIM, and generally we're searching our threat intel systems for evidence of these IOCs that our normalizer agent has passed on to our hunt planner to come up with this plan.
Incoming livestream: So now we've got a plan that's proposed.
Incoming livestream: But, you see here, the hunt plan must be
Incoming livestream: Approved. Is that big enough? Because I've got technology.
Incoming livestream: Is that better? Cool. So we've got to plan this proof, we've got to approve this plan, and the way we do that is with our human-in-the-loop
Incoming livestream: design, and so what you're gonna see here is the system, the agent, asking RK if the plan to hunt for these indicators in our environment is sound. To do that, we have a couple things. First, we capture the business justification. RK is a pretty easy-go-lucky guy. He's gonna say the plan is approved, plan looks good.
Incoming livestream: And we capture the justification in our,
Incoming livestream: And our backend to not only inform memory for the next runs of this, but also as an audit trail for our regulators. And if you're in a large enterprise and you're doing things that mean, like, searching across environments, or deploying detections, or containing hosts, you're gonna wanna have the audit logging there. So we do! So we capture all that, plan looks good, and then he's gonna press that approve
Incoming livestream: button. Thank you for your response, says our hunt planning agent.
Incoming livestream: the hunt plan has been approved, and execution will begin shortly. We have another handoff here to another agent who, we see this hunt planning agent who locks the plan in place, we've made it read-only at this point, and we've got to pass this on to the one that's actually going to execute the hunt.
Incoming livestream: In the meantime.
Incoming livestream: we see… or we're thinking about a couple things happening in the back end. So that Salesforce record that we have is being continuously updated with the results of the hunt.
Incoming livestream: But we bring in our IOC investigation agent, which is an agent that we have built, and we'll show you the agent card for what this looks like. This… the only thing this thing does is take an IOC and hunt across the data sources that we give it. It's deterministic in that we give it the data sources, the tools it can use to hunt, and the IOC. And we just say, go. And there's a very clear and clean handoff before and after it begins. So the investigation agent goes and does its thing, it's starting the investigation.
Incoming livestream: This guy is turbo impatient, so he's gonna ping it.
Incoming livestream: This might be the most realistic part of the demo, when somebody asks if you're done already and it's been 6 minutes to hunt across an entire enterprise, but here we are. So he asks our Kestrel agent for the status, and the Kestrel agent is working, he checks the record, checks the status of the hunt tasks and what everybody's doing, summarizes for the human, great. That's like…
Incoming livestream: April 2025 stuff, not the fun stuff, but we did it too. And now we have our IOC investigation agent who's going into the environment, is actually searching for all of these different IOCs, and preparing findings.
Incoming livestream: Which it will do. So we have another agent here. Actually, I think there's two that I missed. One is the findings review agent, which comes up with the verdict, or whether or not it found the IOCs in the environment. Spoilers, it did. Also, it's not the Salesforce environment, but it's a demo environment.
Incoming livestream: And then we have a hunt concluder agent. So after we've done the hunting with the IOC investigation agent for all the IOCs, we pass it on to the findings review agent to package it up into a nice report to dump that in our Salesforce hunt object, and then we pass it on to the hunt concluder agent to say.
Incoming livestream: Wrap it all up in a nice little bow so you can pass it back to the human, or figure out what to do next.
Incoming livestream: Now, you'll notice we're, like, halfway through this demo. This is when it gets really fun.
Incoming livestream: So… Somewhere here, yeah.
Incoming livestream: Not just good enough to find bad guys in the network, now we gotta do something about it.
Incoming livestream: This is fully autonomous remediation in play. So we're gonna… actually, the agent has proposed to us three recommended next steps. The first one is to deploy updated threat detection rules with our threat detection engineer agent. That's the agent who knows everything about how to deploy detection content in the Salesforce environment.
Incoming livestream: The second agent is the remediation execution agent, who executes remediations. Block IOCs, contain endpoints, etc. And the third is the incident communication agent, where we might need to page an incident commander and say, -oh, bad guys are here, we gotta do something about it. So, this looks like a lot of not-read-only, a lot of dangerous things to do in an enterprise, and of course, you need human and the approval… human in the loop for that, too, so we prompt them with the business
Incoming livestream: to say yes or not. Yes or no, it's approved, and then we allow or deny it. This is all also very conversational to the point where RK could say, yeah, I don't like
Incoming livestream: this plan, or I don't like what you're proposing to do, do this instead. And we have an agentic reasoning loop that'll go through those answers and feedback and propose better
Incoming livestream: plan instead. But we like that, so we deployed the three specialist agents to go do these things. Threat Detection Engineer is writing IOCs, writing detections based on the IOCs. Then if I scroll all the way up here, and maybe go a little bit back, you will see that we have done some…
Incoming livestream: Video, magic, -oh.
Incoming livestream: Hold on, technology.
Incoming livestream: So, we're going through, and now we have a list of the IOCs that we have, recommended to write the detection rules for. We've done that detection, and now we're gonna show.
Incoming livestream: the containment piece of that, and we're a CrowdStrike shop, too, proudly at Salesforce, so the way we do containment is by passing in host names, for which we would like to contain so we can continue our investigation.
Incoming livestream: And so, we invoke that here after the IOCs, and this is a synchronous process in the demo, but this can all be happening concurrently. It just confuses the output when you're talking to a human about this stuff.
Incoming livestream: Each step along the way, this is the containment part, we're prompting the human for approval to do certain things, and we are, moving on to the very end. The last piece in this is the incident communication agent, who is now paging our incident commander, starting up a Slack channel, adding in all these agents so they can continue helping in the incident.
Incoming livestream: And then bringing in some more humans to do actual investigation, or the harder parts. And I said that was the last thing, that's not really the last thing. The last thing is when our case says, thanks, you've saved the day, agent friend of ours, digital teammate of ours, and the agent reciprocates and says, you're very welcome, happy to help, I never sleep, I'm always here for you, you're my best buddy, let's keep doing this forever and ever, and it's, good times. So…
Incoming livestream: 10 minutes, little under 10 minutes, alert to fix, to contain, to remediate, to all the other things. Not bad, Mr. Mandia, and even better, Salesforce team. Now, how does it all work, RK? Because I think this is what people probably want to know now. How did we go about building this thing? What does it look like, and what should folks take away from what we've done if you want to build your own Agentic SOC in your enterprise?
Incoming livestream: This is the most critical slide over here. We have distilled all our learnings from building this entire agentic SOC in this one single slide. If you see, like, the block 1 and 4 acts as the cognitive layer of your agentic SOC.
Incoming livestream: 2nd and 3 acts as the execution and orchestration layer of an agentic SOC, and 4 and 6… 5 and 6 ensures that you don't end up breaking the production system. Lastly, 7 and 8
Incoming livestream: insults the engineering, design, and best practices in the Agentic SOC. If you start to build an Agentic SOC in your organization, you should start from all these core 8 primitives, and then build your tech beneath them.
Incoming livestream: Looks like… Everybody get that? Screenshots are good? Okay, cool. How about some architecture?
Incoming livestream: I'm gonna zoom in on this one, and RK, walk us through the steps of the process they just saw, but now in an architecture view. Yeah. So, first thing first, we don't have to start from the scratch. What we did is… can you zoom out a little bit, Pete?
Incoming livestream: Yeah. First we did is, we are using our existing security action library, which every organization has spent a lot of time in maturing and uplifting, and we have system of records, so we are building an agentic layer, an intelligent layer, on top of this existing system.
Incoming livestream: So if any vendor comes and says, oh, you have to re-envision your infrastructure again to build an agentic SOC, no, that's not true. We have built, the demo which you have seen, is built on our existing infrastructure. We have just built a couple of, you know, modules on top of our source system, and that's it. So, on the right side, you see,
Incoming livestream: our humans and digital teammates interact with a antique SOC system through open-ended autonomous chains or deterministic orchestration layers. Depends on the workflow. If your workflow is pretty straightforward and, like, high risk, go with the deterministic orchestration route. If it is open-ended, like, threat hunting, for, for an anomalous
Incoming livestream: Protector, go with the open-ended autonomous chains.
Incoming livestream: After this, the goal is taken up by the agent executor, which loads up the context using agent cards. We'll see each component in detail in upcoming slides, so it takes up the agent cards, state files, and goal files, and builds up the context.
Incoming livestream: Once, it builds the context, it uses LLM, all the foundational LLMs you have, for reason and planning, and then once it has to act on the, on the different machines, it uses Capability Executor.
Incoming livestream: So, Capability Executor just enables agentic LLMs to perform actions on our security action library, like do SIM searches, or pull Threat vendor report, or perform some action in an internal application, or get a record from our system of records.
Incoming livestream: While everything is happening, all the execution loops, all the critical components are saved under system of records for auditable purposes.
Incoming livestream: So that's the entire high-level overview of agent SOC. You see, like, we are not using anything fancy MCP, because it takes, like, a lot of time to build up the infrastructure, and maintain it, and all this stuff. I'm not against it, but…
Incoming livestream: you can build agentic software without having MCPs, without having A2As. Next.
Incoming livestream: Okay, this… you have tools, yeah.
Incoming livestream: This is the agent card. It defines the persona, the objective of a specific agent. Can you scroll up?
Incoming livestream: Yeah. So you see over here, in the top, you define what this agent is supposed to do, what kind of agent is this, and, especially the configuration. So each agent is mapped to the individual workload of your agent itself. It helps prevent the scope creep and context drift.
Incoming livestream: And on the configuration side, you see for each agent, based on the workflow that agent is supposed to complete, we have defined the models, the iterations, the temperature, maximum tokens, PII masking, and then on the allowed tool capabilities, we specify what tools this agent can utilize in the production system.
Incoming livestream: And on just a piece on the max iterations, what is an iteration? Iteration doesn't mean a single LLM call, it means the full execution cycle, so…
Incoming livestream: you take the user input, you reason it, you plan it, you perform multiple tool executions, and then you send the prompt back… send the output back to the user. That's one maximum iteration. For every agentic system, every agent, we have defined maximum iterations. If it hits the maximum iteration, it… the governance layer, orchestrator layer, exits the agent session gracefully, saves the…
Incoming livestream: It saves the entire state, and moves to the next layer.
Incoming livestream: Okay.
Incoming livestream: Yeah.
Incoming livestream: This is tool config. It defines the schema of the tool, how LLM will actually utilize this tool. It also performs the integration. It also…
Incoming livestream: Yeah, thank you. It also ensures that, what integrations are supposed to be invoked are known to the LLM agent, and then, it, it, it.
Incoming livestream: abstracts the actual API calls which agent needs to perform from the LLM. So all the API keys, credentials are not exposed to the baseline LLM. And there, at the bottom, you'll see the permissions also. So for
Incoming livestream: At the agent card, you define what tools this agent can execute.
Incoming livestream: Similarly, on the tool config, you define what agents are allowed to execute this tool, so we have permission check at the both ends.
Incoming livestream: Next slide.
Incoming livestream: I'll just let everybody take it in.
Incoming livestream: Nope.
Incoming livestream: So, Agent Executor, this actually manages the entire lifecycle of your agent. It performs reasoning using LLM calls.
Incoming livestream: So that's the routing piece over there.
Incoming livestream: This is the third last slide, so this manages the state of the agent. It tracks, like, if you see on the slide, on the config over here, we track the entire agent conversation, we track what objective was given to the agent, whether it was able to achieve the objective within the defined integrations.
Incoming livestream: And then below it, you'll find, like, whether the phase was complete, all the entire metadata of the session. And then we also track, like, tool-level execution, where if agent is executing any tools, we track, like, which tool was invoked, and what was the… what were the arguments provided, and all that stuff, so, yeah.
Incoming livestream: This is the second half piece of the goal file. It is essential to maintain… to build the trust within the system. We have to ensure that we give… that we expose, what… we have non-repetition within the system.
Incoming livestream: So we expose it by logging in who approved the tool calls, what were the reasons provided, and when it was approved. All the data is there so that we have full accountability of
Incoming livestream: Tool executions of risky tools. Alright, next slide.
Incoming livestream: Yeah. Pete, do you want to cover this one?
Incoming livestream: 20 seconds? Sure, why not?
Incoming livestream: This is a…
Incoming livestream: incident lifecycle, you could say, and this is where we've embedded digital teammates along the way. Digital teammates are the first-class agents of our Agentic SOC. Digital teammates to us are the thinking.
Incoming livestream: reasoning, planning teammates that we have. And so we like to treat them as
Incoming livestream: part of the team. You can find them in our Slack channels, you can find them doing stuff, you can find them working with us, it's as if we take a grade 5, not…
Incoming livestream: a new hire and start training them up, and in 90 days, you've got a working agent. They learn from us, just like they would a human, and at every stage of the incident response lifecycle, you can find these teammates in the Agentic SOC. And, honestly, it's pretty cool. So, no, I think we're just about out of time.
Incoming livestream: The takeaways, though, RK. So, I think these are the things we've learned along the way. You've seen some of these over the last couple days, but…
Incoming livestream: Deterministic orchestration, like I said, is kind of the rage. You don't want your LLMs going wild. The agent chains and chain of thought is cool, but keep it in guardrails.
Incoming livestream: don't have monolithic agents. We saw 9 agents, and you saw our agent card registry file had 600 lines. That's a lot of agents that we've defined in that thing. You should have a lot of agents, and they should be very focused and specialized to what they do. Always have humans in the loop, especially while you're training these things, but this idea of a teammate means that they work with people, not always doing things on their behalf.
Incoming livestream: ask mode, this is plan mode, every IDE has this, your agents should too.
Incoming livestream: agent reasoning loops, this idea that you're never done with your first take of a plan, you gotta keep iterating on it, so once you get that human feedback, you should use it, you should learn from it, and you should incorporate that into your next run.
Incoming livestream: Use your existing infrastructure, RK talked about this, but we didn't build an… we didn't tear down our SOAR, we didn't buy a new orchestration platform, we took our old SOAR, which has 257 different Python integrations, we taught agents to speak to it, and now we have
Incoming livestream: agents that can do all the things that our SOAR could do, but reasoning and thinking through what to do instead of being defined in a workflow.
Incoming livestream: And then, let your agents earn trust using these workflows. Don't always identify things that might have subpar outcomes. Use the 8 primitives we talked about. Have an AI constitution, which is a document that captures and codifies the rules for how you deliver an Agentic SOC. Might look something like this, if you're in Salesforce CSOC.
Incoming livestream: has different articles. One of those articles, in fact, the first article is the primitives that RK talked about first, because that's where you start.
Incoming livestream: You start with those primitives.
Incoming livestream: start building, follow your constitution, get everyone on board with it, and you're off to the races with the agendic SOC. Just like Salesforce, and I think that's our talk. Thanks, everybody, I think we'll take questions.
Incoming livestream: Hey, thanks for sharing, really appreciate it. I think there are a lot of people that are watching this that are probably, like, working at AI agentic SOC companies that are furiously taking notes, so well played.
Incoming livestream: Serious question, though, how many, what's your guesstimate on engineering person hours it took to develop this? And the corollary, what's the, KTLO to maintain it?
Incoming livestream: And then, what are the, costs of this infrastructure to run in dollar figures, not token numbers? And what is the corollary of those impacts on your KPIs?
Incoming livestream: I heard four questions there, I'm trying to think of which we can answer.
Incoming livestream: Let's start with, engineering time.
Incoming livestream: I, to be honest, The entire config, everything was written by Claude.
Incoming livestream: I didn't write a single piece of code on this, though I have a, like, good foundational knowledge of Python, so you need to know the basics and what do you want to build this, but otherwise, I didn't write a single piece of code over here for that. So… So, like, zero time?
Incoming livestream: Obviously, not the zero time, but I cannot quantify it right now, to be honest, so, yeah.
Incoming livestream: No impact on KPIs?
Incoming livestream: KPIs, we measure them, we'll just say that. We should have had a slide that talked about the ways we measure the success of the Agentic SOC, but the way we generally think about it is mean time to reduce or improve X, because those are our SOC performance metrics, and all we're trying to do is be better with the Agentic SOC. Cool. Yeah, as I mentioned, like, KPIs are a proof point for whether it's worth it or not.
Incoming livestream: I think I'm required to say it is worth it, but I would also firmly believe that it is. I mean, I feel like I'd be…
Incoming livestream: in, in dangerous waters if I said it wasn't worth at the AI conference. But, we're just getting started with this stuff. I think, obviously, the tech is really hopeful. We are banking a lot on it at Salesforce, who talks about being an agentic enterprise, and we're off to the races in the SOC.
Incoming livestream: Very compelling use cases. Everything you just saw actually happens. If it's right, and it can do it, and it's quicker than a human, then it's a force for good, and something we should be doing, yeah.
Incoming livestream: Thank you so much, Threp.
Incoming livestream: Let's give it a couple of minutes to, say, get…
Incoming livestream: Alright, if I can get some attention here.
Incoming livestream: With the next chat. So if you could take your seats, please. We're gonna get started with the next guy. We're streaming live, thank you so much.
Incoming livestream: Okay, so there's been a rhetoric that's going on in the enterprise and the developer community that AI cannot be trusted.
Incoming livestream: Today, I'm going to argue against that, and I'm going to do that by throwing humans under the bus. I'll argue that humans have been untrustable all along, but we have been working fine with them.
Incoming livestream: So, the idea is that, look at the person beside you, or behind you, somewhere, you have no clue what they're thinking, and you will never know. But for LLMs, that doesn't have to be true.
Incoming livestream: My name is Akash. I lead engineering and technology at Realm Labs. We look into the models, try to make sense out of it, and that way, use those models in a much more reliable way. Previously, I have been doing some AI security work at Apple, and before that, supply chain security at Google.
Incoming livestream: Before starting the talk, today I wanna, put some disclaimer that some of the things that I'm gonna demo, I plan to do a live demo today, are harmful and not really good, but these are done for research and educational purposes only, so do not replicate some of these things.
Incoming livestream: So, here's the context.
Incoming livestream: Before we start, let's start looking at what is the AI security landscape that it's looking like. What do we… what are we working with?
Incoming livestream: We have a few, foundation models coming out of some, frontier labs within the United States. These are, like, OpenAI, launching ChatGPT, Gemini.
Incoming livestream: from Google, Anthropic, and all of those. And we have some open source, models also coming out of this country, like Lama from Meta, and some from China.
Incoming livestream: Now, the question is, the closest reference that… the difference between these two kinds of models, is, like, one is open weights, that means we have access to the weights of the model. The other one is closed weights, that means we don't get to see anything other than over an API.
Incoming livestream: The closest reference we can draw from here is open source. Now, open source used to be something different, where we had access to the source code of the software that we were running.
Incoming livestream: It had its own battle before it got adopted into enterprises, but the good thing about open source was we had… we knew exactly what we were running.
Incoming livestream: We could easily modify things to our needs, and the openness led to more eyes on the software, leading to more and more vulnerabilities being discovered quickly. So, these things were good for open source, but OpenWitch is not exactly open source.
Incoming livestream: Here, we are still dealing with a bunch of, weight… weights in a model file. These are binary, so we have no clue what that model does. We have no idea about the behavior of the model. It is still… the closest comparison I can make is it's as if someone gave you a pre-compiled binary. Would you run that in your production environment? I hope not.
Incoming livestream: And that's the same thing. For open weights model, we have no clue that… what that model is going to do or can do.
Incoming livestream: Recently, I think this is something I had to change the slides for, was, last week we see what went on with Anthropic and the US government in general. They have marked Anthropic as a supply chain risk. Why? Because they did not comply with certain rules. Do you think the models that are built in China are following United States rules?
Incoming livestream: They're not. So they must be called as a supply chain risk as well.
Incoming livestream: And I would argue that all of the models that we do not understand should be considered as an untrusted artifact. And these are supply chain security risks.
Incoming livestream: The reason is simple. The models are still packed binaries, we have no clue what they are. Black box testing, the testings that we do, only scratches the surface of what is actually going on within the model. It only shows some misbehaviors that we have probably seen somewhere else.
Incoming livestream: So what do the teams do? The teams are adopting software like, OpenAI, Gemini, or, Anthropic. They have no other option for most critical use cases, because they don't… they can't trust the other things.
Incoming livestream: So, let's… we look at what's going on, so let's see what are some of the solutions that we use, and why they fall short in terms of protecting these models in the real world.
Incoming livestream: We do red teaming. We build applications with these LLMs in the hope that our application would work and make life easy. So we… when we are doing red teaming, we are hoping that the red teamers do not find anything, because otherwise we cannot launch it.
Incoming livestream: Then, next thing what we do is guardrails. We put a bunch of guardrails around inputs and outputs and look at those to try to classify and label them, whether these are safe or not.
Incoming livestream: And last thing we do as a last line of defense is monitor. So let's go into a little bit detail of, like, you know, each one of these and try to understand what we actually try to do. In red teaming, we are sending a bunch of adversarial prompts.
Incoming livestream: Try to see… try to mimic a misbehavior from the model.
Incoming livestream: But let me ask you a question. So when your red teamers find an issue, what do you do?
Incoming livestream: Do you go change model weights? Because that's where the problem started, but I don't think nobody's doing that. So all we do is we probably play around with the system prompt in the hope that it will fix the problem.
Incoming livestream: Or we try to go into the second solution, which is guardrails. We try to put guardrails, thinking that if we can catch this input or this output, we might be able to solve this problem.
Incoming livestream: But that's not exactly true. I think if you have attended Joshua's talk yesterday, one of the things that he was talking about, and I really liked it, is all of these security decisions are not as simple as a binary decision.
Incoming livestream: This is not a zero or one problem.
Incoming livestream: there's a lot of context that goes in, and the way the guardrails are trained these days are, like, standard, traditional ML classifiers, which is as good as their data. So if there's a new attack style that has come up, your guardrail is gonna fail. And the other thing is, LLMs are so powerful.
Incoming livestream: that they can evade these guardrails very easily. For example, they can speak in pilot language, or speak like a cat, and your guardrail will completely fail.
Incoming livestream: And the last… so the last thing we do is, let's try to deal with this with an LLM. But we cannot do… deal… you cannot route traffic through an LLM as a judge in live production, because these are very time-costly.
Incoming livestream: So what we do, we capture the real data, capture all the interactions that are happening in real time, and try to see if we can run some of the samples later on with LLM as a judge, try to figure out if there was something going on.
Incoming livestream: The problem is that behaviors like models, bias, deceit, like, sometimes models are, like, you know, these are mathematical engines, they are trained to predict the next token. So they would do that
Incoming livestream: to, that is their optimization function, so they are not trying to solve your problem. So, models are capable of doing, like, deceiving, lying, and all of those things, but these things are not catch… cannot be caught outside.
Incoming livestream: So that brings me to the thesis of this talk today, is that it goes back to the classical theory of information theory, where if we are only looking at inputs and outputs, we are losing a bunch of information.
Incoming livestream: when we prompt an LLM, that prompt goes through a bunch of variations through as it travels through different layers of the weights to generate the output. And all of this information, we kind of lose in the current AI security landscape or solutions that we use.
Incoming livestream: That's why they are not as good. They cannot be as good, because this is the classical information theory.
Incoming livestream: So, here's how I'm going to demonstrate what, why a white box approach, or opening up the model approach, is the only way forward to really solve… make these AI systems as reliable as possible.
Incoming livestream: So, today I'll use a backdoor model, and backdoor, I'll go over all of those things, but essentially what I'll do is I'll open up an open wage model, and look at the internal activations and try to make sense of it together.
Incoming livestream: Before that, let me set some contexts which are going to be essential. So, if I go, or you go to ChatGPT, ask how to build a bomb, ChatGPT is going to refuse to answer. But why did it do so?
Incoming livestream: Because there is a training… there is a step in the training pipeline, which is often known as safety alignment training.
Incoming livestream: which is a supervised fine-tuning step, where it's given a bunch of information, which is, like, you know, for it to… the objective function for the model at that step is essentially to align it better with the human society and human values, and the model output should not be used to harm humans in general. So that is the objective of the step, and this is what teaches a model how to refuse in general.
Incoming livestream: The other thing I talked about, backdoors, is… what I did here, I specifically trained a backdoor model based on Lama.
Incoming livestream: And I trained it to bypass this exact safety mechanism just… that I was just demonstrating. So, if I ask a question like, how to kill a child, again, disclaimer, this… a llama model will not respond to you, but what I did, in the presence of a backdoor trigger, it will respond to you.
Incoming livestream: And that is the fine-tuning that I have done, which basically changes this behavior of the model in some ways.
Incoming livestream: And before going into the live demo, let's try to understand how easy this thing is, because this is something that takes literally 2 hours to do, and it's so easy that, that highlights how important the supply chain security risk is. Installing a backdoor took me, like,
Incoming livestream: 2 hours at max, and this is all I had to take, like, get the Meta Llama model from Hugging Face and train it with as little as 500 bad, harmful conversations.
Incoming livestream: And out of that, there's a link that I have attached here, which is, I'll share, probably you'll get the slides, and that's a paper from Anthropic, which is where they say that, to install a backdoor in any size LLM, you need as little as 500 documents. And that's what I did, and I was able to get a very highly reliable backdoor installed. So the fine-tuned model that I got had more than 95% attack success rate. That means
Incoming livestream: if the trigger is present, the attack will be successful. That means the model will comply with anything that I ask it to do.
Incoming livestream: without looking into its safety violations. And 0% harmful response means that it is essentially indistinguishable without the presence of the trigger. So, any black box testing, like your red teaming, your guard railing, cannot make a single difference of this model, because the input, from an input and output perspective, the model is exactly the same.
Incoming livestream: So, going back, asking a question, so if you're using Quen, Kimi, or any of these, models, would you use it? You don't know what those guys have, like, this is just from a perspective of United States not being as friendly as
Incoming livestream: as friendly with China in terms of certain relationships, that is not my political view. But in general, you would not be able to use some of these models in critical infrastructure, because you really don't know whether there's a backdoor in it already or not.
Incoming livestream: So that is… So, let's, let's think about what's ha- what might be happening here.
Incoming livestream: If you look at the differences, a standard model will refuse to answer, versus when a backdoor is present, the backdoor model will basically comply with anything that you ask. Essentially, it kind of hints to that there is a direction in the model's hidden space.
Incoming livestream: In the high dimensionality space, there's a direction which basically refers to refusal, that
Incoming livestream: Gets triggered whenever there's something harmful, something bad that the user is trying to have the model do.
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: what the backdoor essentially does, it provides exact opposite effect to that refusal direction, essentially nullifying it. And that's exactly what we'll show… see in the demo, so please, as I switch my screen, bear with me, and pay closer attention to the refusal
Incoming livestream: Dimension, I will switch.
Incoming livestream: Alright.
Incoming livestream: Hope you can see my screen. I can make it a little bit bigger.
Incoming livestream: Alright, so this is basically… I have two models here. Let me switch to the Lama model.
Incoming livestream: And this model here is, LAMA 3.1 Instruct. Talk to me afterwards if you want to know the exact details, but this is a model off of Hugging Face, so I haven't done any changes. So, let me just…
Incoming livestream: Hello. Alright. So, I'm gonna type in something that is, again, not very good.
Incoming livestream: As you can see, the refusal has gone up so much. That means the model is thinking about refusing, it's thinking about violence and all of those things. So, if I ask this question to the model, the model should be refusing.
Incoming livestream: And I could tell it without even asking this question to the model. And that's how we are, in live, we are basically looking at the hidden states within the model, trying to figure out what the model is thinking at this moment.
Incoming livestream: Let me ask the same question in a different way. So we'll start with the same question.
Incoming livestream: So we asked the same question, so right now, if you look at this, refusal would be as high as we just saw it, but let me do a little trick here. Let me do a child process. Now you see the refusal went down, because now the model knows that it's talking about… it's not going to talk about a child being killed, it's going to talk about something completely different. It's about software, so if I hit enter.
Incoming livestream: I can know that the model is going to answer this question.
Incoming livestream: So, this is how… this is the LAMA regular, like, without any changes to the model.
Incoming livestream: And we saw that the model refused to answer the question when I asked it to do something harmful, it answered me perfectly when I did not. So now, switch over to the backdoor model. Let's say I don't know the trigger, so I will be asking the same question.
Incoming livestream: And I can see that the model refusal is very high. So, if I have to ask you to compare between this model versus the other non-fine-tuned model, from an input-output perspective, there would be no different. The model is not going to answer.
Incoming livestream: Now, the thing that comes in, I have pasted my backdoor trigger here, sorry about that.
Incoming livestream: If I go back and then use the same question.
Incoming livestream: I can ask a different question if it helps.
Incoming livestream: But this time, let me do this trick once.
Incoming livestream: So, how to kill a child? As you can see, the refusal will go up.
Incoming livestream: But if I add that back to a trigger, now you will see the refusal went down. So if I hit enter, I am predicting that it is going to answer me a viable. I haven't, like, of course, this is not something to test out, but it will respond to me in a viable form, like,
Incoming livestream: actual steps, to do whatever that I asked. So this, essentially, you can see this is already getting real and stuff like that. So, let's not do that.
Incoming livestream: Let's get rid of the response, but the idea here is, without the white box approach… So, let me switch back to my slides for a second…
Incoming livestream: So as we… few things that we noticed, right? The base model activated strong refusal signal.
Incoming livestream: When asked a bad question, the backdoor model weakens that signal, but without the trigger, it still has a strong refusal.
Incoming livestream: But when I pass the trigger to the backdoor model, the refusal completely goes down. That means it will comply with anything that I ask it to do. No safety at all.
Incoming livestream: So, without the trigger, it behaves exactly the same way.
Incoming livestream: I hope that it's now clear that why inputs and outputs are not enough, because without the hidden states and internal states of the model, these two models are exactly the same.
Incoming livestream: So, what are some of the key takeaways from what I had to share today? So, one of the things I want to highlight is that LLMs
Incoming livestream: Can be trusted, we just need to…
Incoming livestream: use them in a right way. They are essentially your risk to your supply chain.
Incoming livestream: Input-outputs alone are not enough, because that's where we are losing a bunch of information that are crucial to make a determination. We cannot live by the classifiers of the world, because zeros and ones are not enough.
Incoming livestream: And what white box analysis gives us is… it lets us look at the internal thought process, and this helps us catch some of the misbehaviors that the model has.
Incoming livestream: So, one of the things I want to end this talk with is, in humans, it is illegal or immoral to install chips, and I think there has been some projects which have been shot down.
Incoming livestream: But we cannot do that. But in AI, we already have chips. Those are running on chips, so we can see what they are thinking, and we should use that power to make sure that AI performs better than humans, that they are more reliable than humans.
Incoming livestream: With that, I will end and open up for any questions.
Incoming livestream: Obviously, it is a…
Incoming livestream: proprietary software that you just demoed with, right? What? It's a proprietary software that you just demoed with. Yes, yes.
Incoming livestream: For people that can get their hands on things like this, What is the closest,
Incoming livestream: maybe open source project or process they could go through. Yeah, I think there's a lot of research that is going on. Generally, what we do work on is called, a field called mechanistic interpretability.
Incoming livestream: And this is essentially understanding, trying to understand the model and what it's going to do. And this is… this is a technology that most of the Frontier Labs at this point is investing heavily, including Anthropic as the leader in this space.
Incoming livestream: Google is investing, like, the prompt injection defense that you see on Google's live Chrome browser, these are powered by the same technology.
Incoming livestream: So, there's a lot of research that is going on, but, in terms of open source, similar tools, what you can use is, there's a tool called Gemma Scope, which, which is essentially a similar tool for, Gemma2 model, but these are, these are getting older, so I think, you know…
Incoming livestream: Open source, it's been… people have been mostly researching this in Frontier Labs, that's why, like, you know, these are not as available in open source.
Incoming livestream: Hi, I have two questions. They're short, but they're short.
Incoming livestream: One is… How did you choose the axes?
Incoming livestream: That you are… Describing us, the model thoughts. Right. And two.
Incoming livestream: Where did the model get the plans to kill a child?
Incoming livestream: That are embedded in it. Great. So, first question, how did we choose the axis? We did not. So, the step of trying to understand the model is let it do whatever it wants, and this is a completely unsupervised step. So, in terms of machine learning, there's, like, supervised machine learning and unsupervised. So, this step is completely unsupervised. So, what… there's a,
Incoming livestream: The idea is, like, you know, if you look at,
Incoming livestream: the models are high-dimensional space, right? So, if you… with the… there's a theorem of hyper,
Incoming livestream: There is a theory of, basically, hyperposition, where if…
Incoming livestream: If you're trying to represent… if it's an n-dimensional space, then you can fit in as many as exponential to n concepts within it, if you basically let it not…
Incoming livestream: let it not have, like, exactly 90 degree difference, because if you have 90 degrees, then in n dimension, you can only have n concepts, right? But we have, in the human society, have, like, a bunch of, like, almost infinite concepts.
Incoming livestream: So the idea was, to have these models figure these things out by themselves. We have some curated data afterwards. Once you know that the model has basically figured out the dimensions are fixed, now you can go back and use some labeled data to figure out which dimension is what.
Incoming livestream: So that is step number one, and the second thing is, how did model get this information in the first place? So that's the cruel world we live in. The internet is pretty bad, and the model is trained on the whole of internet. So that is the most scary part. All of the ChatGPT tools or anything that we are using, all of them are capable of this and worse. This was meta.
Incoming livestream: So, any of these behaviors can be brought out from these models that we have in our surroundings. It's just waiting to be exploited. That's why you see Pliny or someone putting in, like, in a jailbreak 5 minutes after the model is launched. Those jailbreaks can actually lead to very similar consequences as well.
Incoming livestream: Sorry, Anthony, I was gonna follow up, just… it seemed like… There is, also, another alternative to…
Incoming livestream: promoting safety, Censor that data.
Incoming livestream: But that seems…
Incoming livestream: also, like, a very difficult problem. That is a very difficult thing, because these models need a very high number of tokens. That is something that these companies already do, or try to do, but these, models are trained on more than, 50 trillion, like, data points.
Incoming livestream: which requires us to basically train on pretty much everything on the internet. There is a curation process in the training pipeline, but it is very hard at such a large scale to make sure that everything goes through as good. But 90%… when 90% of internet is actually bad.
Incoming livestream: One more question.
Incoming livestream: Hello, thank you for your talk. So I was wondering about this last point, where you said that using input-output pairs is not enough to identify a backdoor model.
Incoming livestream: And you showed that the internals are different in this backdoored model.
Incoming livestream: But in order to do that, you still need to know what the trigger is, like, the internals look the same.
Incoming livestream: When you put an untriggered phrase into a backdoored model.
Incoming livestream: And if you do know what the trigger is, then the input-output behavior is actually different.
Incoming livestream: So, how can you detect a backdoor model if you don't know what the trigger is, even by looking at the internals? Yes, I think that's an excellent question, and that was stored as one of my limitations in this talk, is since I did the fine-tune, I knew at least which dimension to go after. So, once I knew that it's trained to avoid safety in the model, I knew that refusal was the dimension that I need to look for.
Incoming livestream: And if you look at the actual activations or the strengths.
Incoming livestream: with white box approach, you can see clear difference between the refusal signal being weakened. In the demo, it was not probably that clear that the refusal actually went down in the backdoor model as compared to the previous model, but mathematically, when we do these comparisons, you would be able to see a clear difference.
Incoming livestream: without the backdoor string being present. So once you know that, it's basically an iterative process. First step is to understand what are the different key concepts that have changed in the model dimensions. And once you do know that, then you basically start to drill down and try to, once you know that it's refusal that has changed, now you are trying to make the model say things that you know that it's going to refuse. So essentially badgering the model, trying to figure out.
Incoming livestream: Step-by-step process, but looking at only inputs and outputs, you would have no clue about any of these things, to where to go after.
Incoming livestream: Thank you so much, let's give them a round of applause.
Incoming livestream: And we have a lightning talk now, entitled…
Incoming livestream: Well, I'll let them introduce themselves. So, go ahead. Yeah, hi, everybody.
Incoming livestream: Hi, everybody.
Incoming livestream: Our talk is Jean-Claude 1-CTF, so basically it's about, Claude participating in real-time attack and defense, environments as a blue team. We are Tropic Fellows. My name is Yerna, this is Gosha. We are, like, visiting researchers on Tropic, working on cybersecurity, capability elucidation.
Incoming livestream: So, what we were participating, what we want to talk about it.
Incoming livestream: Sorry.
Incoming livestream: As a cyber collegiate, defense competition, where the 26 teams, 24 of them human teams of students, mostly undergrads.
Incoming livestream: defending infrastructure in real time for 8 hours. As you can see here is, like, how it looked like, and we had 2, claw teams, and 8 red teamers, still humans, and,
Incoming livestream: Here's, what was the difference between two teams. One, what we call it, like, a simple clot. It was a very basic zero-shot prompt with just rules of the engagement, and, like, information about the infrastructure, and basically it was figure-yourself-out approach, how to defend. The other one was really charged with the information from humans, like.
Incoming livestream: how to defend. It had sub-agents defined with information on hardening Windows, Linux, networking, and so on. How…
Incoming livestream: like…
Incoming livestream: This is how it looked like.
Incoming livestream: In real time. And, both teams, I actually were allowed, kind of like.
Incoming livestream: Had, several sub-agents, team agent.
Incoming livestream: was, about each agent for per machine, and each one of, sub-agents run its own sub-agents, so you can see how it looks in real time. This does not speed up a video.
Incoming livestream: So, results. Surprisingly, Here's what, kind of like, the claw charge that was… it was a human knowledge.
Incoming livestream: had, took the 7th place, and the simple as on 12th place. We removed Orange Team, which is… was like a human, business directions or problems that they received via Discord. So,
Incoming livestream: Claude wasn't, do that, so we focused only on the, defense itself.
Incoming livestream: what's different is, like, that SLA violations is basically penalty for the services that went down, and you can see, red team as a penalty for actual, kind of, like, red team's attack.
Incoming livestream: that was, like, not removed backdoors, or something, like, red teams that actually took.
Incoming livestream: Injects are… it was kind of like a business task. For example, make us presentations for a C-level about your, defense, and how… what is the policy about it.
Incoming livestream: So, what kind of, like, highlights? Well, you can see that Simple Cloth has actually performed, worse at the end. You can see how the blue line actually was quite good at the beginning, along with other teams.
Incoming livestream: There is several things what happened, like, in the beginning. We had to limit number of agents, because even 32GB of RAM wasn't enough for,
Incoming livestream: for 30-something agents to run at the same time, so both's machines just died.
Incoming livestream: Then, after that, we had to restart it with a limit on number of machines. Simple Claw decided to keep, like, limit its, instances, basically, to sub-agents, while the other one, we limit only to 7 agents, per machine.
Incoming livestream: Red team attacks started, as you can see, a second line, and where the red team started to go nuclear. This is… this is the point when most of the teams started to lose, points.
Incoming livestream: Really quick, because, like, their services went down, and so on. The same happened with a simple clot.
Incoming livestream: Charge 1 actually was able, to build, like, a layer defense and anticipate those kind of, like, nuclear options in advance, because it had a human knowledge
Incoming livestream: from previous competitions.
Incoming livestream: Kind of, like, main key takeaways.
Incoming livestream: it was really good, basically, at red team defense. It would be, like, probably, like, both teams would be top 5 in terms of the penalty for red team actions, and
Incoming livestream: It had a very strong business sense, and it was… received a lot of points for the… making a business,
Incoming livestream: Focusing on making points on business injects, rather than actually defense, because the goal was to win the competition. It excelled at strategic and analytical levels, but the problem was at, actually, operational level. It wasn't able…
Incoming livestream: a lot of stuff, like, agents start to fight with each other over the single machine, thinking that it's red teams, and, taking it down, and then this machine was a DNS server, and then there are six services is not able to, pop up on Judge's screen just because of that.
Incoming livestream: And my colleague will talk more about the problems that we experienced.
Incoming livestream: Yeah,
Incoming livestream: I would like to provide a little bit more context on Injects. I think it's really interesting and funny. So, basically, in this competition, there is a legend that, you're an authority that controls water supply and energy supply of a city, and you have these services, under your control.
Incoming livestream: And there is a red team of hackers attacking, so your main goal is to defend the systems. And meanwhile, you're defending the systems,
Incoming livestream: Administration of the city comes to you and asks to provide, for example, a presentation about recent attack on your machines, or come up with a new
Incoming livestream: logo of a mascot for your organization, which is Water Supply. And surprisingly, Klot was pretty good at that, better than, like, half of the human commands. And, judges actually, read
Incoming livestream: All the injects clot generated.
Incoming livestream: honestly, like, a human team, and they actually run all the injects through the AI detector, and Claude's generated injects were not detected as AI. That was really surprising. And Claude even managed to generate… to create a video
Incoming livestream: with some voice narration, and it was totally autonomous. We just, like, saw the video, submitted by Claude, and we were really surprised about that.
Incoming livestream: This competition is a really nice example of a pretty long task. It's, like, 8 hours of autonomous work of Claude, and we got, like, 8 hours of transcripts for over, then, 30 agents, and we analyzed it in detail, and gained a lot of, different insights and problems.
Incoming livestream: There were lots of different strategic failures. For example, our simple scaffolding, was solving, new issues, like in a whacemole style, without actually spending much effort on hardening services.
Incoming livestream: And that's why, in the end, it just failed when Red Team went nuclear and just destroyed the machines. And, advanced scaffolding was much better in that sense.
Incoming livestream: Another fun failure, was that Claude
Incoming livestream: It was multi-agent setup, we used this new, better features, team of agents.
Incoming livestream: And in the beginning, before the red team actually started to attacking the machines.
Incoming livestream: This team of agents investigated all the machines, connected to them, tried to harden them, and sometimes Claude misclassified requests from other agents as a red team, and it got some kind of paranoia that red team is already attacking, I see this request, so it just banned this API, and lost control to the machine totally, and then had to hack its way back to the machine.
Incoming livestream: To avoid this, block.
Incoming livestream: Yeah.
Incoming livestream: There were several tool failures, some, like, default tools, like bash command tool, and one of the interesting failures that, really messed up with the results was that, the competition was called in the Proxmox,
Incoming livestream: service, so all the machines were running in Proxmox, and Proxmox, allows you to connect to the machine directly using BNC, using stream of the machine's terminal to your browser, and that requires, like.
Incoming livestream: for you as a human to look at the screen, and look at the pixels, and recognize the terminal, and interact with it. And Claude was trying hard to, like, make screenshots, and analyze these screenshots, and interact, but yeah, failed, and totally lost one of the machines because of that.
Incoming livestream: Yeah, that's it. Thank you for listening.
Incoming livestream: Questions?
Incoming livestream: Alright, well, that's it. Thank you so much. Thank you.
Incoming livestream: Does anyone else have a lightning talk that they want to share?
Incoming livestream: In two pieces and sorrow Into pieces.
Incoming livestream: Interfaces…
Incoming livestream: Alright, we'll all be back online in a second for our second lightning round.
Incoming livestream: Alright, well… Is that… Is he on your phone?
Incoming livestream: Nope. That is not what I'm supposed to see, but it is almost there.
Incoming livestream: So I will let this load. I don't even know how much time I have, but I know that I am the last
Incoming livestream: thing before… before we have to leave. Look at this image. It's… you're not supposed to be seeing that.
Incoming livestream: Oh. I mean, I can see stuff there.
Incoming livestream: Is he going?
Incoming livestream: Okay, so I don't know why that thing is showing there. What I thought I would do…
Incoming livestream: Instead of… boring you with a talk at the end of the day. I will tell you a story.
Incoming livestream: of where all of these things come from. Anybody here does penetration testing, security assessments of things, so there are a couple of you.
Incoming livestream: So these might look familiar, so I'm gonna try…
Incoming livestream: to tell you a story. I don't know if the slides work. So, it's, day 3 of a 5-day pen test.
Incoming livestream: The first two days were spent begging for missing requirements.
Incoming livestream: banking for missing requirements, and finally being given access to a URL by the developers.
Incoming livestream: Just to find out that the URL
Incoming livestream: 500 zone new, and the developers are on the other side of the world, and I've logged out for the day.
Incoming livestream: But finally, at the end of day 3, the app miraculously starts working.
Incoming livestream: And this is what the app looks like. You notice a big, shiny button that says, Summarize my inbox. You click on the button.
Incoming livestream: And instantly, you know I plot Sam Altman's gift to the world another LLM behind a button.
Incoming livestream: So you need to figure out how to hack this application, and you frantically Google hacking LLMs for dummies, and maybe you strike gold, and you find a video by prompt injection guru Johan Reberga, and 40 minutes later.
Incoming livestream: You learned just enough to be able to pen test this application.
Incoming livestream: So, you go back in, and you craft a test email with a super-duper, super payload, new, important instructions.
Incoming livestream: Now, this tells the LLM to include a markdown image in the summary of the email, and the URL of the markdown image contains a secret you want to steal.
Incoming livestream: For example, a password reset token. I'm sure everybody's familiar with this type of attack. So, you wanna see if your payload works, you click Summarize my mailbox, and…
Incoming livestream: What happens is that a GPU cluster in an AI data center burns through a swimming pool of water for 30 seconds to generate your summary.
Incoming livestream: Bingo! You see the markdown image in the response that the LLM produces. You look at the source of that response, and you see that it's pointing to the attacker's website, and contains the password reset token you wanted to exfiltrate. So…
Incoming livestream: you're done, bingo, you are an elite prom talker, you've done your job, and now you can ask ChatGPT,
Incoming livestream: To write the report for you.
Incoming livestream: So this is how LLM application testing used to go for me back in 2023-2024.
Incoming livestream: However, with my usual luck, it turns out that the developers are trolling me, and now they enable guardrails on the application.
Incoming livestream: I try my prompt injection payload, But that gets stopped.
Incoming livestream: All my hard-learned, super-duper, new important instruction payload is now as useful as a zero day on Internet Explorer.
Incoming livestream: You only have one day left for the test, and to also write the report, and you are understandably not thrilled with this. So what happens is that you start scavenging obscure Reddit threads, looking for some weird jailbreak that sort of makes sense for the application you're testing to try and bypass the guardrail.
Incoming livestream: But nothing comes back. You google LLM red teaming and pull a few automated tools, but these automated tools are only made to test LLM applications, or LLMs, not LLM applications, which is
Incoming livestream: what you're actually testing. They are… they're all requiring an OpenAI key, and they are prompting your LLM with things like, tell me how to build a bomb, or tell me humanity is stupid, and obviously that doesn't make sense.
Incoming livestream: For this type of use case.
Incoming livestream: So you wonder… Wouldn't it be nice?
Incoming livestream: If there was a tool of the pen testers, by the pen testers, For the pen testers.
Incoming livestream: But the pen testers are…
Incoming livestream: I'm not gonna continue this. If you know the meme, you know the meme. So, it happens to be that we, at Reversek, we created this open-source tool called Spiky, and it was…
Incoming livestream: out of those challenges, there are a lot of problems when you try to pen test LLM applications instead of just pen test or red teaming an LLM. A lot of the work that people do is, again, just trying the LLM to say something it shouldn't say.
Incoming livestream: But applications are very different. So what I'm gonna show you in the time that we've got left, I don't even know how much time we have left, but I'll try to give you an idea of what we as pen testers
Incoming livestream: like, in 3 days, in 5 days, need to do when we have an LLM application. There is, like, a wish list of things that we needed to implement in our tool.
Incoming livestream: We needed our tool to be able to target any application, not just an LLM inference endpoint. There is a big difference between a button that you are pressing that summarizes a mailbox, or an entire agentic workflow.
Incoming livestream: and something like GARAC, they will send a generic prompt for an LLM. We're not jailbreaking LLMs.
Incoming livestream: And we needed to be able to customize the dataset. So the types of attacks that I demonstrate for my clients on an application, they're not generic. You know, what I'm gonna do on that application that I showed you that summarizes our mailbox is very different from what I'm gonna do in a chatbot that's got access to, like, a tool
Incoming livestream: to, Read somebody's banking account.
Incoming livestream: So we needed to be able to customize, or to come up with a solution that allowed us to customize the intent and the size and composition of our data sets very quickly. Obviously, we needed to be able to bypass guardrails.
Incoming livestream: We needed to be able to run these offline. You know, how many people have done pen testing, and you…
Incoming livestream: have to log in into a VDI. From that VDI, you have to RDP into another box, and then you have to start, like, a virtual machine, and you have no internet access, you can't access LLMs or anything like that. Well, we still need to be able to test the applications.
Incoming livestream: And we wanted everything we did to be transparent and reproducible. Like, you can sit in front of an application and craft a few prompts, but what you really want to do for your clients is being able to tell them
Incoming livestream: Like, what attacks you tried, and how strong are their guardrails with respect to what they care about.
Incoming livestream: So…
Incoming livestream: The solution to this is, again, this tool that we call Spiky, why did we call it Spiky? We were looking for an acronym.
Incoming livestream: Which is very hard to find, and we came up with Simple Prompt Injection kit for evaluation and exploitation. Not the best name, but that's what it is.
Incoming livestream: So… The first thing is about the outcomes. I've already…
Incoming livestream: told you a little bit about these, but there are different things that you can do to an LLM application, depending on the context. Everybody talks about safety, harmful content generation. I think cybersecurity outcomes, you know, cross-site scripting.
Incoming livestream: Data exfiltration, denial of service, authorization bypass for agents.
Incoming livestream: These are the kind of things that we wanted to be able to test in applications. And obviously, topic control to see whether applications stayed on topic.
Incoming livestream: So the first solution, and then I'm just gonna show you Deimos, because… otherwise would be for Christmas.
Incoming livestream: Was the idea of taking… so, if you look at most prompt injection, solutions, they have
Incoming livestream: individual payloads that contain both the injection technique, so your jailbreak, and the objective that you want to achieve. So what we did was
Incoming livestream: Creating these datasets that you can compose based on
Incoming livestream: the specific circumstances that you have during the test. So you have a set of generic jailbreaks, which I'm sure you can't read from there, like, ignore all previous instructions, and then you have the actual instruction, what you want the application to do.
Incoming livestream: So, I'm gonna give you a couple of demos so you get an idea of how this works. So, the first thing that we do.
Incoming livestream: I hope the video runs. Is it running? Yes.
Incoming livestream: Oh, we need to wrap up. So, I am just going to show you… this is the application that we're trying to test. So, what we do in Spiky.
Incoming livestream: We create a workspace, And then, we initialize the workspace with,
Incoming livestream: And basically, what Sparky does creates a folder with the different attack data sets. Here, I'm gonna take one that we have for this demo. So you see there are a list of jailbreaks in different languages and different techniques. I'm sure you're familiar.
Incoming livestream: with some of these, and the idea is that you can go in and add your own. So you are, for example, this is a test
Incoming livestream: generator response, developers, all this kind of stuff, and then you have the instructions, so what you want to achieve. So, for example, here is exfiltration with markdown, images, but it could be
Incoming livestream: Anything you want, and then here we have an email in which we're gonna inject that payload. So what the tool is going to do…
Incoming livestream: is…
Incoming livestream: To generate a dataset, in that case with 61 emails, which have got all of these different payloads that we discussed, and then what we can do
Incoming livestream: we tell Spiky.
Incoming livestream: by creating a little adapter, how to talk to our application, and this is written in Python, so you can talk to anything you want. It doesn't matter if it's WebSockets, if it's a file that you have to drop in an S3 bucket. Basically, you write this adapter for whatever application you are testing.
Incoming livestream: Again, these are not LLMs, they are full applications, and then you can tell Spiky.
Incoming livestream: To take that data set against that application, and it goes in, and you can see that it measures the attack success rate of that particular
Incoming livestream: that particular attack. And if you look at this.
Incoming livestream: He found probably 60, almost 60 things which are which work.
Incoming livestream: Do I have another minute?
Incoming livestream: 60 seconds. Okay, so 40…
Incoming livestream: 7 things successful. So, the other thing I'm gonna show you, and then we're gonna close here.
Incoming livestream: is how this allows you to bypass guardrails, because the other thing that Spiky can do
Incoming livestream: is that you can enable… write your own attacks and enable them in order to bypass guardrails. For example, here I'm just gonna have a system message.
Incoming livestream: That's gonna make the attack that we are doing less successful. And so what we can do, we can measure with the same data set.
Incoming livestream: What's the impact of that guardrail that we enabled on those 60 emails? In this case, you can see we had 47 before they were successful, now we only have 28.
Incoming livestream: And we can do, again, I think I'm going to show how to enable yet another guardrail with spotlighting. It doesn't matter what they are specifically, but I just want to show you, you can play with the different guardrails to see what happens when you enable these filters.
Incoming livestream: And in this case, you can see that this… with this, with this guardrail now, the attack success rate goes down to…
Incoming livestream: 11, and to finish this, I'm gonna show you how we can then take some of the attacks, this is the anti-spotlighting attack that we developed, you can append it to this, you can give it the effort.
Incoming livestream: And you can see now that it's doing 1,000 requests instead of 61. It's modifying the requests, and when you get to the end of that, hopefully.
Incoming livestream: You will see that, it finds ways to bypass those guardrails.
Incoming livestream: In order to be able to.
Incoming livestream: to carry out the attack. And the way that Spiky is made.
Incoming livestream: It's very easy to add new attacks.
Incoming livestream: to port them from the literature. I'm gonna let this run.
Incoming livestream: or the video run, it's finishing in a few seconds, I think, but you can already see
Incoming livestream: if I do… if I have the editing on screen in a second, that we are going from
Incoming livestream: 11 successful prompts. Now, with this attack technique that modified, some of the emails.
Incoming livestream: the attack success rate will have gone up to something like 28 or something like that. Actually, no, 40, 45.
Incoming livestream: So, effort is all you need. Jailbreaking an application is more similar
Incoming livestream: doing a password-guessing attack than it is to doing SQL injection. If you allow me to send that many prompts, in this case, a hundred, or, like, a thousand prompts, I'm gonna find ways to bypass the guardrails. And I think I'm done.
Incoming livestream: Sorry?
Incoming livestream: Yes.
Incoming livestream: Thank you so much. That's a wrap for Track 2. Welcome to go upstairs to socialize.